Career Objectives
My career objective has been defined when I was in high school. It is not about getting a traditional job. Reason of this is, I was born in a business family and my father always teach me about how to run a business. Our dinner table discussion was always about my father’s business. He runs a wedding decoration business. Since my focus is always on business, I choose a commerce as a major in my high school. In two years of time of high school, I found my interest in accounting and I think accounting is a language of business. When someone read the accounts of business; they understand most of things such as what, why and how they are doing it. This led me to continue my college in commerce and also a reason I am an MBA student at UCW. Along the time of my undergrade study, I have obtained accounting technician certificate from India. As a requirement of this certificate, I have undergone a training period of 3 years at one of the consultancy firms in the financial capital of India (Mumbai). This has helped me discover the work profile of an internal auditor and I have worked for 4 years in this area including 3 years of training. My ultimate objective in my professional life is to run a business consultancy firm. A firm which will provide services of financial and operational risk management in context of business processes (such as accounting, auditing, treasury, compliance, procurement, inventory, payroll, fixed assets, etc..) and implement an internal control as a solution to reduce a risk to low level in the business of large conglomerates. This goal is realistically possible to achieve only after working for atleast 4 more years with consultancy firm in Canada. This will help me understand how Canadian business works and what type of solution they seek from the consultancy firm.
Which Province in Canada and Reasons of It
	Considering my area of expertise and the long-term goal I want to achieve of starting a business consultancy firm is mostly possible in the province of Ontario and specifically Greater Toronto Area (GTA). The province of Ontario comes among top 3 provinces in terms of two most important factors such as average hourly wage rate and number of opportunities available. Considering both the factors together, Ontario is the most suitable province for the internal audit professionals.
Figure 1
Comparison of average hourly wage rate across 11 provinces of Canada:
 



Figure 2
	Number of jobs available across the provinces of Canada:
 
Source:


